I'm by going back back to the bay this
one's made right I'll i do it tell you
it will get the waters on replay trying
to break a rather like a DJ
what's going on your boy TV kadem bike
but as we start the game off with the
coin toss you already know I gets the
ball first it's not an issue to a bus
cuz this is what I do shout it as I hit
the ball onto my doula Garen blood he
only gets nine yards as I get a ball to
him again my man gets the first down
before i continue on with this gameplay
hashtag chill i'ma need y'all to relax
on my man killer cam y'all was going in
on my dude in that comment section when
I took that loss y'all was saying no
hands camp you need to get River Killer
cam he's a reason why he lost the game
yeah y'all was just honest man about his
catch I need y'all relax man things
happen you can't win them all but what
you can do is get hit with the bottle
way no it was the shoulder what are you
doing what are you doing what pleases my
you want to do it they're like why would
you believe that you had a touchdown
nine out of ten times i would say nine
point nine out of ten times did not
catch in CJ 2k that is one fast man did
you see right here on his first
possession on the first and 10 on the
last person tent he got a huge run right
here on the first and ten he loses the
yard so right here on the second 11
tries to run some option and y'all know
me i'ma stop that Joan I'm um because I
make it look easy it's just the way it
is I'm not gonna front right there if I
was him I would have been tight but
there's no reason his tight end should
have dropped that ball but i'm not
complaining i bet i played at all i was
gonna continue to let my hashtag
fast-break offense just get back to work
do what we do best and that's putting
pressure on putting our pressure on the
opponents and just trying to find a
crease just trying to get some points
trying to do whatever we have to do
right here on the third and long I
dumped the ball down a shady McCoy I try
to do but it didn't work out but
nonetheless we down in the red zone so
I'm happy about that like I was saying
y'all gotta get off my do
killa cam I mean you guys were killing
me in the comments section about killer
cams you see us getting into the end
zone making it look easy with no other
then CJ 2k shouting and it's a kickoff
hashtag chill team is see the he messed
up or I messed up damn Gina think know I
messed up why does this happen to happen
check this out you know I messed up what
is this your I try I promise you Tavon
Austin you lucky about they won dude I
promise you I had no clue that this food
was gonna go grab the mask I tried to
tackle him with tavon austin which
probably more times than i was a bad
idea I try to go tackle any pulls the
facemask come on tavon as you see we get
a knock down my new Patrick Peterson and
he drops back on a third and 14 drop
back super fryer going friend right here
yo users on deck I do this defense for
real hombre es what you jack boys know
you owe me a hundred favors my back the
table are no come on a son as you see my
man hit the rage quit my man said cream
I'm good I'm done you know I it's time
to keep it moving it's time to keep it
pushing your made your point brothers
yes that you made your point bros so he
moves on I told him not mad at you at
all shouting y'all know I ain't gonna
leave you hanging no I'm gonna bring you
another game imma bring you another
clown in this lovely beautiful man in
community like I was sad bad I got two
of them kill a cam y'all gonna have to
get on get off in my me y'all gonna have
to chill on my boy killer Kim wish I was
killing me and Tavon Austin paying come
on so you gotta be better than that
right here on the second and seven right
here check this out man we bout to make
him have a seat bruh what are you doing
please explain me what you're doing they
sit here golden circles just have a seat
man go back to the bench have some
gatorade you know i got you you know
it's always hashtag gatorade season 9
out of 10 times so i got you on the
Gator they just have a seat cuz you're
looking silly out there you're going to
circle and you're not gonna catch
my dude CJ 2k my offensive captain to be
exact right there come on Mel in a
second and six how do we get it knocked
down there's so many
knock downs in this game is so annoying
right here on the 36 he drops back and
throws the ball to Chris Carter Chris
Carter made that look too easy sir right
here on the first attempt my man running
a little option we end up getting a cool
little stopping to get five yards but
it's nothing to hurt us so it's not that
bad at all right here on the second and
seven command drops back dumpster ball
down in his running back which I believe
I'm not sure if that's a Super Bowl
Marshall fuckbuddy notice the marshal
farm i'm pretty sure nobody's running
with any martial fault besides the Super
Bowl I could be wrong and right there
you see Patrick well as eating a
shoulder yo man those be feeding
shoulders not taking a man that's a bad
look out here you see this man missing
the ball right here on the second and 10
he's rolling out to the right y'all know
how y'all owe to roll out and my do the
best cover linebacker in the game
Derrick Johnson son dear justin gets the
intercepts and i'm sure you all know
what happens it's been real it's been
true it should wait TDK you have a good
night sir and I'm now